# Sequelize-Reverse-Engineering-Code

- CONFIG
    -   MIDDLEWARE
        - isAuthenticated.js
    - Config.json
    - passport.js

**CONFIG** folder holds Config.json - autogenerated file as a result of the “sequelize init:config”.
**config.json** holds db configurations for different environments, we need to make sure to provide a password, database and other credentials  to establish a mysql connection.


**passport.js** defines strategy for log in page users authentication,  In other words, we want login with a username/email and password.

**isAuthenticated.js** holds Middleware function that validates log in status, if a user is logged in, or else will be prompted to log in in order to see the following page.

- MODELS
    - Index.js
    - User.js

**index.js**  file generated as a result of “sequelize init:models” command. 
Created and exported db objects that allows executing mysql queries.
**user.js** file containes User table structure as well as password validation function and hash generation function

- PUBLIC 
    - JS
        - login.js
        - members.js
        - signup.js
    - STYLESHEETS
        - style.css
    - login.html
    - members.html
    - signup.html

**login.js** defining on click function that validates log in data and send log in request with the user input data to the server, if log in successful redirects to the members page.
**members.js** defining function to fetch current user_data from the server and display on the page once Member page is loaded.
**signup.js** defining on click function that validates user input data. Does a post to the signup route. If successful, we are redirected to the members page. Otherwise we log any errors
**style.css** all CSS settings goes here
**login.html** Log in page HTML markup that displays login input fields.
**members.html** Members page HTML markup goes here.
**signup.html** Signup page HTML markup goes here.


- ROUTES
    - api-routes.js
    - html-routes.js

**api-routes.js** defining and exporting api routes for login, sign up, logout, fetching user_data.
**html-routes.js**  defining and exporting html routes for sign up, log in, members pages. Included redirect to /members when user is logged in.



- **server.js** main server file, where the code execution starts. Here we are importing all needed npm packages, initializing and configuring the express server. Importing html/api routes. Syncing our database and starting the server.




